battle_simulator/updated_battle_simulator/Readme.md, before:

# Updated Battle Simulator

## Project Description
---
This is a battle simulator with many features that allow you to manipulate characters that you create. You will be able to create characters, have them battle(with you playing as one of them), see a graph of each characters stats, and finally you can see data frames of the min, max, mean, and median of all the stats for each character(with a prompt asking if you want to see a graph of the values).  

## Installation
---
1. To install this program you need to import the files in the updated_battle_simulator folder.
2. Do not be concerned if a new folder called pycache appears as that is important for the program to run.   

## Execution and Usage
---

+ To run the program run the file named 'main'
+ To use any features other than create a character you first need to use the create a character feature.
+ The program will auto save all characters after every use of the character creator, battle sim, and will also save when you exit.
+ That is all hope you will enjoy using this!  

## Used Technologies
---

+ InquirerPy - Used for the custom user inputs that you will see.
`pip3 install InquirerPy` note: You need a python version of at least 3.7 or above to use this.
+ Matplotlib - Used for creating all the graphs for the stats and/or min, max, mean, and median values.
`pip install matplotlib`
+ Faker - Used for generating the random character name as well as the character backstories and addresses.
`pip install Faker` note: You need a python version of at least 3.8 or above to use the latest version of this.  

## Current Features
---
+ Character Creator
+ Character Stat visualizations with graphs
+ Battle Simulator where two characters will fight
+ A calculation of the mins, maxs, means, and medians of all the current characters you have created (with a prompt that asks if you want to see a graph of them.)  

## Contributing
---
  
## Contributers
---

+ A parent - Helped learn some of the libraries
+ Myself - Did practically all the coding  

## Authors Info
---

+ Email: max.holdaway@ucas-edu.net
+ Description/Info:
I am a simple Computer Programming 2 Student (CS1500). I am still learning how to code but I am improving. I hope to improve even more and eventually use this in engineering.  

## Changelog
---
  
## Liscense
---

Commit message:

Added Pandas to used technologies

battle_simulator/updated_battle_simulator/Readme.md, after:

# Updated Battle Simulator

## Project Description
---
This is a battle simulator with many features that allow you to manipulate characters that you create. You will be able to create characters, have them battle(with you playing as one of them), see a graph of each characters stats, and finally you can see data frames of the min, max, mean, and median of all the stats for each character(with a prompt asking if you want to see a graph of the values).  

## Installation
---
1. To install this program you need to import the files in the updated_battle_simulator folder.
2. Do not be concerned if a new folder called pycache appears as that is important for the program to run.   

## Execution and Usage
---

+ To run the program run the file named 'main'
+ To use any features other than create a character you first need to use the create a character feature.
+ The program will auto save all characters after every use of the character creator, battle sim, and will also save when you exit.
+ That is all hope you will enjoy using this!  

## Used Technologies
---

+ InquirerPy - Used for the custom user inputs that you will see. note: You need a python version of at least 3.7 or above to use this.
`pip3 install InquirerPy`
+ Pandas - Used for calculating the min, max, mean, and median of all the characters stats. note: This only officially supports python 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12.
`pip install pandas`
+ Matplotlib - Used for creating all the graphs for the stats and/or min, max, mean, and median values.
`pip install matplotlib`
+ Faker - Used for generating the random character name as well as the character backstories and addresses. note: You need a python version of at least 3.8 or above to use the latest version of this.
`pip install Faker`  

## Current Features
---
+ Character Creator
+ Character Stat visualizations with graphs
+ Battle Simulator where two characters will fight
+ A calculation of the mins, maxs, means, and medians of all the current characters you have created (with a prompt that asks if you want to see a graph of them.)  

## Contributing
---
  
## Contributers
---

+ A parent - Helped learn some of the libraries
+ Myself - Did practically all the coding  

## Authors Info
---

+ Email: max.holdaway@ucas-edu.net
+ Description/Info:
I am a simple Computer Programming 2 Student (CS1500). I am still learning how to code but I am improving. I hope to improve even more and eventually use this in engineering.  

## Changelog
---
  
## Liscense
---
